This is a simple modding template to help you create mods that rely on 
unifieddyes.  It is meant to be as easy as possible to transform into whatever 
mod you want to create that needs those dyes.

The idea here is that you download this mod, rename the folder to whatever your 
mod will be named as, and then edit the several variables near the start of the 
file to customize it to whatever your mod needs to contain.  Then you need to 
add your own code to this mod to define those little extras such as the craft 
that would be used to generate your first, "neutral" block in the first place, 
and any other crafts and nodes that you need.

Included with this mod is a texture generator script, gentextures.sh, which 
will, when given suitable input images, generate all 77 of the colored images 
that would be needed for full support of unifieddyes.   See below for usage 
information.

Note: This mod also comes with a bunch of "dummy" textures which were generated 
with the aforementioned script, so that if you plug this mod in unmodified, you 
can at least see *something* when you use /give during your initial testing.  
These textures should eventually be deleted and replaced with whatever your mod 
actually needs (perhaps using the script).


Semi-automatic generation of new textures
=========================================

Obviously, in order for this template to be useful, you'll need textures.  If 
you plan to support the entire range of colors offered by Unified Dyes, there 
is a BASH script included named gentextures.sh, which will, with an 
appropriately- colored and appropriately-named source texture, and possibly an 
overlay texture, generate a complete set of colored and greyscale textures 
based on that first one.

This script requires bc (the calculator program) to handle some basic math
regarding the hue adjustments, and Imagemagick's "convert" program handles all
of the actual conversions.

First thing's first - you need source textures.  Using your favorite image 
editor, create a single version of your desired texture.  Draw it in the 
brightest, deepest shade of RED you can muster without losing any detail, and 
save it out.  Ideally, you will want the average color of the texture, when 
taking into account all bright and dark areas, to be as close as possible to 
the hex value #FF0000 (0 degrees, 100% saturation, pure red) without losing any 
appreciable #detail.

Save this source texture out with a filename of red_base_whatever.png, where
"whatever" is the same name you used in the TEXTURE variable above.  The
default cotton setting, thus, would need a filename of red_base_cotton.png.

If you want to add an image on top of the colored blocks, such as a frame, 
which you want to be the same color throughout all of the textures, create it 
now.  It should consist only of those parts of the textures that you want to
leave unchanged, with transparency everywhere else.  Save it out using any 
filename you want.

Now, run the script (make it executable first, if necessary).

If you didn't need the overlay, you just need to supply one command line 
argument: the base name of your mod.  The script will use that parameter as the 
basis of its texture filenames. For example:

./gentextures.sh mymod

If you want to use an overlay also, run the script with the base name as the 
first parameter, and the complete filename of your overlay as the second.  For 
example:

./gentextures.sh mymod myoverlay.png

The program will exit immediately if the image(s) you've supplied are invalid, 
missing, etc.

Otherwise, the program will iterate through all of the hues and shades that are 
supported by unifieddyes (though this is done manually, not by reading anything 
from the mod), compositing your overlay image in after the recolor step, if 
you're using that option.

All of the output files will be placed in a new folder, generated-textures/

Use your favorite image browser or file manager to review the results, and if
they're right, copy them over to the textures/ folder in your mod.
